**Clarinet’s Puppet Method**

https://docs.google.com/document/u/1/d/e/2PACX-1vRahIr3-h_V31w2dMZXTAV9R2aXMB9Yoi-bIMQsRIanMXUO9rDtj5x7cL__hG05bmow-GvP7vcLlAcX/pub?utm_source=docs.google.com&utm_medium=tutorial&utm_campaign=midjourney


<span style="font-family:.PingFangSC-Semibold;"><b>如何写好</b></span>**prompt**

https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRHOxyEb-ERGi-BdZM8Z_piEP54m4HwO0z8scjmEurEp2UZVA6rFxvyKd15elYVHUWfP1oSA4CQFwxr/pub?utm_source=docs.google.com&utm_medium=tutorial&utm_campaign=midjourney

In --v 5, to generate something *other* than a photographic image, you will need to reference art movements, artistic techniques, genres, media type, game titles, directors, artist names, influences, time periods, etc.
To invoke the aesthetic style of an image, try referencing <b><u>two or more</u></b> of these:

		**Art movement:** Identifying the art movement in the prompt will introduce its style and techniques. Examples include Impressionism, Surrealism, or Pop Art.
		**Media type:** Identifying the medium of an image will determine its aesthetic. Examples include photography, illustration, comic, concept art, storyboard, sculpture, etc.
		**Media title:** - Identifying a media influence will influence its look. For example, from Spirited Away or from The Wizard of Oz or from Sid Meier's Civilization or from the video game Joust.
		**Artist name:** Referencing the name or the work of a specific artist will roughly invoke their unique style. Examples include Vincent van Gogh, Frida Kahlo, or Banksy.
		**Technique:** Referencing techniques will add that style to the image. Examples include impasto, pencil sketch, watercolor, or digital art.
		**Time period:** Identifying the historical context of an image will invoke its aesthetic. For example, images from the Renaissance, Baroque, or Modernist periods.
		**Geographic location:** Referencing regions and countries will influence style. Examples include Japanese Ukiyo-e prints, African tribal art, or American Abstract Expressionism.